In this repository, we listed natural image and CT image database for image quality assessment.
Specifically, in  natural image databese, a large-scale synthetic distortion image quality assessment database (IPOIDv2) for complex image processing tasks is established, which contains 120 reference images of about 1080p, 13080 distorted images and 59078 local images with labeled subjective scores. In addition to single distortion types, it also contains images processed by image restoration algorithms such as image denoising, motion deblur, and super-resolution reconstruction. Through the algorithm assessment experiments, it is demonstrated that the current image quality assessment algorithms are difficult to effectively evaluate the images processed by different image enhancement tasks; therefore, IPOIDv2 provides a new benchmark for image quality assessment algorithms to better adapt to different image processing tasks. Finally, the importance of the pooling approach to the image quality assessment algorithm is illustrated by studying the subjective scoring relationship between the overall image and the local image.
Due to the size of the natural database, we only listed the original natural image in natural_image_original file located in new branch. The more information can be found in https://pan.baidu.com/s/11EF36kmS3mP2UsBzLIDJgg?pwd=dsdg(extraction code is dsdg ).
In CT image, we chose five different reconstruction areas to build the iterative process database. Three different regularizers(Total variation, Tikhonov, Dictionary learning) are chosen to build the reconstruction framework. In each specific reconstruction framework, we chose a series of regularization parameters to gurantee the optimal image quality in the interval. Moreover, two different initial images are chosen to start the reconstruction process. Data file is the zero image as initial value and Data2 file is the FBP image as initial image. In each .mat file, the format goes to "area_regularizer_regularization parameter_iteration". The relationship between each regularization parameter is 1.2 times(β = β0*(1.2)^regularization parameter). With these images, we trained a BIQA model to measure the CT image quality, namely BIQAmodel.mat.
